{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24180\viewh12780\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project Plan:\
\
\
Step 0.) Draw out the app on the whiteboard so you can reference it as you build.\
\
Step 1.) Create a new react project via the terminal (npx-create-react-app@5 online-shopping-cart-v1)\
\
Step 2.) Plan: I think it will realistically take me a week to complete this. That is my goal. I won\'92t spend more than a week on this however.\
\
-  What does it mean for this project to be successful ?\
 	\'b0 To have at least 12 unique products - 9 foods and 3 furnitures. (This will also allow me as a bonus to learn how to build UI in a scroll view)\
 	\'b0 To have the items come from a static list. (a stretch goal is to setup a free database and put the items in there)\
 	\'b0 To have css styling that supports a basic desktop-only, single-page that doesn\'92t need to resize properly when the window\'92s resized.\
 	\'b0 To have everything feature complete, without bugs.\
\
- What does it mean to be feature complete?\
        \'b0 The Food and Furniture buttons will, onClick, render their respective items correctly in the scroll view and update the category dropdown to that as well.\
	\'b0 The Total will be accurate at all times\
	\'b0 The number of items count will be accurate at all times\
	\'b0 The search functionality will work searching at a per-character. (Ex. Typing \'93R\'94 or \'93r\'94 will result in all items with an \'93R\'94 or\'94r\'94 in them to show up.)\
	\'b0 The search results will depend on the what the Display & Category filters are set to currently. (Ex. Search within the Food or Furniture / fridge or shelf)\
	\'b0 The UI on items will subtract or add that respective amount to the cart\'92s total and the individual total\
\
Step 3.) Create the static layout \
\
Step 4.) From the top down, begin making the layout dynamic.\
\
Step 5.) Polish up the stylings\
\
Step 6.) Go to any stretch goals you\'92ve set.}